Add Pay-as-you-go limitation page (#2639)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/public-cloud-guide/payg/payg-limitations.adoc

== {productname} {payg} Limitations

> === Bring-your-own-suscription instances already onboarded without SCC credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== {byoslongform} instances already onboarded without SCC credentials
```

To manage Bring-your-own-subscription (BYOS) instances of SUSE products in {productname} {payg} valid SCC credentials are needed. This applies to all SUSE products with just one exception: SUSE Manager Proxy BYOS. Without any SCC credentials, {productname} {payg} will not allow to onboard any of the mentioned BYOS instances, giving the user an error.

> There is a possibility that the user has valid SCC credentials set with already synced-up channels as well as BYOS onboarded but at some point decides to delete those credentials. In the scenario of having already onboarded BYOS instances but no SCC credentials set, the following restrictions apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a possibility that the user has valid SCC credentials set with already synced-up channels as well as {byos} onboarded, but at some point decides to delete those credentials. 

In the scenario of having already onboarded {byos} instances but no SCC credentials set, the following restrictions apply:
```

* A warning message will be presented to users pointing out to this situation as well as letting them know that they will not be able to manage those instances.

> * Non-compliant BYOS instances will not be able to be managed (neither through Salt or Salt-SSH). This applies to individual server management as well as through SSM and Action-chains. When dealing with several servers at once, as long as there is one non-compliant BYOS instance among them, the whole action/action-chain will be aborted for all servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non-compliant {byos} instances will not be able to be managed neither through {salt} or Salt-SSH. 
  This applies to individual server management, SSM and action-chains. 
  When dealing with several servers at once, as long as there is one non-compliant {byos} instance among them, the entire action/action-chain will be aborted for all servers.
```

> * Non-compliant BYOS instances will not be able to access any repository hosted in {productname} {payg} as long as SCC credentials are not set. {productname} {payg} will reply with HTTP 401 Unauthorized until the situation is amended. I.e. trying to install/upgrade packages using zypper from those machines directly will not work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non-compliant {byos} instances will not be able to access any repository hosted in {productname} {payg} as long as SCC credentials are not set. 
  {productname} {payg} will return ``HTTP 401 Unauthorized`` until the situation is amended, that is trying to install or upgrade packages using zypper from those machines directly will not work.
```

== {productname} {payg} Limitations

=== Bring-your-own-suscription instances already onboarded without SCC credentials

> To manage Bring-your-own-subscription (BYOS) instances in {productname} {payg} valid SCC credentials are needed. Without any SCC credentials, {productname} {payg} will not allow to onboard any BYOS, giving the user an error.

Reviewer 2: > will not allow to onboard any BYOS

This is not 100% correct. This apply only for SUSE products and we have 1 exception which is "SUSE Manager Proxy BYOS". This is allowed as it requires just a management subscription which is paid via the PAYG mechanism of the Server.

Author: Yep, you're right. I'll change that!

Author: Amended!

> To manage Bring-your-own-subscription (BYOS) instances of SUSE products in {productname} {payg} valid SCC credentials are needed. This applies to all SUSE pruducts with just one exception: SUSE Manager Proxy BYOS. Without any SCC credentials, {productname} {payg} will not allow to onboard any of the mentioned BYOS instances, giving the user an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To manage Bring-your-own-subscription (BYOS) instances of SUSE products in {productname} {payg} valid SCC credentials are needed. This applies to all SUSE products with just one exception: SUSE Manager Proxy BYOS. Without any SCC credentials, {productname} {payg} will not allow to onboard any of the mentioned BYOS instances, giving the user an error.
```

Author: Changed :smile:
